The Winter King is the strongest royal city of the reincarnation of the God King.
Zhanjin City, right? Dare you tell us all,
We will definitely hand you over to the Winter King and make your life worse than death.
The Winter King immediately said, "You are waiting to be broken."
The Winter King and I met with the Northern General God-King a few years ago.
Not only will the Winter King come then,
The Northern General God King will also lead the spirit.
You said that you will fight against evil in this life.
Will the reborn king also come?
You, Winter King, are here to fall in love, okay.
Beijiang God King
Our cooperation has not been settled yet
If you are early
Cooperation costs money
Anyway, it was you who asked me to cooperate
Just do it for a fee, whoever comes to see it
He also has divine power
Or become a god?
I've been competing for a while
Where are you?
Dongwang is under the supervision of Ancha in the club.
A group of police officers were killed
Master is no longer in Dongwang Dilemma
But there’s not much time to be sleepy
Let's hurry up and join Master to make jokes
You said that if you don't have Dongwang, you can't come to Nanchan.
It was you who trapped him
How many of you
Don't take action yet